[DOCS] Update attributes and text references that mention Endpoint Security integration (#2059)
elastic/security-docs: docs/management/admin/event-filters.asciidoc

IMPORTANT: Since an event filter blocks an event from streaming to {es}, be conscious of event filter conditions you set and any existing rule conditions. If there is too much overlap, the rule may run less frequently than specified and, therefore, will not trigger the corresponding alert for that rule. This is the expected behavior of event filters.

> By default, an event filter is recognized globally across all hosts running {endpoint-cloud-sec}. If you have a https://www.elastic.co/pricing[Platinum or Enterprise subscription], you can also assign an event filter to a specific {endpoint-cloud-sec} integration policy, which would filter endpoint events from the hosts assigned to that policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, event filters are recognized globally across all hosts running {endpoint-cloud-sec}. If you have a https://www.elastic.co/pricing[Platinum or Enterprise subscription], you can also assign an event filter to a specific {endpoint-cloud-sec} integration policy, which would filter endpoint events from the hosts assigned to that policy.
```
